The police are keeping the suspects under constant surveillance.

I must admit I'm completely foxed.

The region has a very high population density.

Despite being a big star, she's very approachable.

Wood is a durable material.

I can't let myself be distracted by those things.

To some extent this was the truth.

Only a handful of people came.

I tried googling but couldn't find anything relevant.

I'm very conscious of my weight.

The investigation has entered a new phase.

Most patients derive enjoyment from leafing through old picture albums.

Your account and hers do not correspond.

Do you have the relevant experience?

Mr. Ying is one of those happy people who derive pleasure from helping others.

It is also fascinating how our subconscious mind shapes our health.

Prices vary according to the quantity ordered.

Some of the studies show positive results, whereas others do not.

How will these changes affect us?

Please convey my gratitude to her.

I know I can trust her in any circumstance.

The club welcomes all new members regardless of age.

They are not eligible for sick pay.

He's only 17 and therefore not eligible to vote.

The local government has taken an effective measure to take control of the housing price.

There is a general recognition of the urgent need for reform.

The boy has great potential.

The system is designed to be used in conjunction with a word processing program.

Fruit and vegetables grew in abundance on the island.

A collation is the heart of any sorting algorithm.

The riders had to keep their pace up.

I'm banking on you to help me with the arrangements.

Opinions diverge greatly on this issue.

She knows broadly what to expect.

Broadly speaking, there are two ways to do this.

There is no compelling reason to believe him.

We do not want to escalate the war.

She's proficient in several languages.

It was a period of intense activity.

I classify myself as an ordinary laborer.

How do you propose getting home?

What would you propose?

She has the faculty to learn languages easily.

The government had to take emergency action.

The first hurdle is to get back match fit and playing games.

Could he distinguish right from wrong?

Your work has shown a significant improvement.

I made a solemn promise that I would return.

Speed is the essential ingredient of all athletics.

How do the people perceive this problem?

It doesn't alter the way I feel.

The director has given her assent to the proposals.

Nobody could predict the outcome.

The weather gradually improved.

He attended school, but didn't attend to his lessons.

Make sure the firm is competent to carry out the work.

It was a collective decision.

My morning commute takes about 1 hour.

I'm perfectly content just to lie in the sun.

The former option would be much more sensible.

He left the party early on the pretext of having to work.

Two of our greatest strengths are diversity and community.

So what can we conclude from this debate?

It is time, once again, to contend with racism.

Admission is by invitation only.

They had to take the finely balanced decision to let the visit proceed.

Her lawyers say she should be compensated for the suffering she had been caused.

We have a duty to uphold the law.

You must weigh the benefits against the cost.

Teachers provide a model for children to imitate.

It is useless to speculate why he did it.

I have nothing further to say in this regard.

I regard this as a serious matter.

You should put more effort into your work.

Biggest doesn't necessarily mean best.

First of all we must identify the problem areas.

There was never an official institution of censorship in Japan.

She didn't want to impose her values on her family.

Like it or not, our families shape our lives and make us what we are.

The costs have increased substantially.

He was, essentially, a teacher, not a manager.

A second-hand car costs a fraction of a new one.

She was a truly remarkable woman.

I was devastated when her words came true.

..the correlation between smoking and disease.


