The police are keeping the suspects under constant surveillance.

I have to admit I don't understand at all.

The region has a very high population density.

Despite being a big star, she's very approachable.

Wood is a durable material.

I can't let myself be distracted by those things.

To some extent this was the truth.

Only a handful of people came.

I tried googling but couldn't find anything relevant.

I am very conscious of my weight.

The investigation has entered a new phase.

Most patients derive enjoyment from leafing through old picture albums.

Your account and hers do not correspond.

Do you have the relevant experience?

Mr.Ying is one of those happy people who derive pleasure from helping others.

It is also fascinating how our subconscious mind shapes our health.

The price vary according to the quantity ordered.

Some of the studies show positive results, whereas others do not.

How will the change affect us?

Please convey my gratitude to her.

I know I can trust her in any circumstance.

The club welcome all new members regardless of age.

They are not eligible for sick pay.

He's only 17 and therefore not eligible to vote.

The local government has taken an effective measure to control the housing price.

There is a general recognition of the urgent need for reform.

The boy has great potential.

The system is designed to be used in conjunction with a word processing program.

Fruit and vegetables grew in abundance on the island.

A collation is the heart of any sorting algorithm.

The riders must keep their pace up.

I'm banking on you to help me with the arrangements.

Opinions diverge greatly on this issue.

She knows broadly what to expect.

Broadly speaking, there are two ways to do this.

There is no compelling reason to believe him.

We don't want to escalate the war.

She is proficient in several languages.

It was a period of intense activity.

I classify myself as an ordinary laborer.

How do you propose to get home?

What would you propose?

She has the faculty of language learning.

The government had to take emergency action.

The first hurdle is to get back match fit and playing games.

Can he distinguish right from wrong?

Your work has shown a significant improvement.